README.md, before:

rock-swing
==========

Rock &amp; Swing is a game of rock, paper, scissors built with ruby, using Sinatra DSL – yes, that's why 'swing', smartass ;).

```

Challenge: Rōnin Badge Test
---------------------------
Knowing how to build web applications is getting us almost there as web developers!

The Makers Academy Makers Array (MAMA) have asked us to provide a game for them. Their daily grind is pretty tough and they need time to steam a little.

Your task is to provide a Rock, Paper, Scissors game for them so they can play on the web with the following features:

- the marketeer has to enter their name before the game
- the marketeer will be presented the choices (rock, paper and scissors)
- the marketeer will choose a random option
- the game will choose a random option
- a winner will be declared

As always you can use google your notes and everything else. This is a challenge for you and you only!

Rōnin BANZAI!!!!

Bonus 1: Multiplayer
Change the game so that two marketeers can play against each other (yes there are two of them).

Bonus 2: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Lizard
Use the special rules (you can find them here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock)

Basic Rules
- Rock beats Scissors
- Scissors beats Paper
- Paper beats Rock

```

--


###Tools used on this project:
- Ruby
- Sinatra
- Cucumber with Capybara

####CRC Cards

#####Player

It should:

- Have a name
- Be able to choose a gesture

It interacts with:
- Game

#####AI

It should:

- Be able to choose a random gesture

It interacts with:
- Game

#####Game

It should:

- Have a list of all loosing combinations
- Be able to receive a chosen gesture
- Be able to compare two chosen gestures and determine a winner

It interacts with:
- Player
- Game

Commit message:

Implement models, functionality nearly finished

README.md, after:

rock-swing
==========

Rock &amp; Swing is a game of rock, paper, scissors built with ruby, using Sinatra DSL – yes, that's why 'swing', smartass ;).

```

Challenge: Rōnin Badge Test
---------------------------
Knowing how to build web applications is getting us almost there as web developers!

The Makers Academy Makers Array (MAMA) have asked us to provide a game for them. Their daily grind is pretty tough and they need time to steam a little.

Your task is to provide a Rock, Paper, Scissors game for them so they can play on the web with the following features:

- the marketeer has to enter their name before the game
- the marketeer will be presented the choices (rock, paper and scissors)
- the marketeer will choose a random option
- the game will choose a random option
- a winner will be declared

As always you can use google your notes and everything else. This is a challenge for you and you only!

Rōnin BANZAI!!!!

Bonus 1: Multiplayer
Change the game so that two marketeers can play against each other (yes there are two of them).

Bonus 2: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Spock, Lizard
Use the special rules (you can find them here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock)

Basic Rules
- Rock beats Scissors
- Scissors beats Paper
- Paper beats Rock

```

--


###Tools used on this project:
- Ruby
- Sinatra
- Cucumber with Capybara

####CRC Cards

#####Player

It should:

- Have a name
- Be able to choose a gesture

It interacts with:
- Game

~~
#####AI

It should:

- Be able to choose a random gesture

It interacts with:
- Game
~~

Decided to pack AI functionality in class Game.

#####Game

It should:

- Have a list of all winning combinations
- Be able to receive a chosen gesture
- Be able to choose a random gesture for the AI
- Be able to compare two chosen gestures and determine a winner

It interacts with:
- Player
- Game
